what's going on guys welcome to another
madden 15 ultimate team video and this
is one of the things that I always do is
the large quick sale pack openings and
since I've been gone for almost a month
now well large quick sell wise it has
been about four weeks because I should
be opening four of these today for you
guys but since I didn't have my
playstation I'm going to go ahead and do
one more we're going to make it five a
little miniature large quick sale bundle
and you know normally i'm stocked up on
badges so i don't have to bomb well i
didn't think my playstation was going to
have to be sent off so what we have to
do is pick up the remaining gold badges
to knock out the set for a fifth time
now like I said I normally say way ahead
on my badges so I can't continue to do
that set but let's just go ahead and
take a look at what we have in our
binder we have a hundred badges exactly
and you're going to notice 69 bronze 20
silvers one gold and ten elites I do
have 10 elites you guys are probably
going to point that out like i said but
they're like 40k right now and i did
pick up some of these when they were
like 25,000 i'm going to hold on to them
and see if they go back up to 60 maybe
65 who knows if they'll reach that high
but you know if not I'll just dump them
off whenever and then we only have one
gold so we should have to buy three more
golds then we will be able to do our
quick sell miniature bundle so am i
hoping for a ton obviously am I really
going to get a ton not likely but you
never know with these things so let's go
ahead and buy our badges will knock out
the set and then we'll get to the
opening maybe we can leave with
something nice on Super Bowl Sunday
speaking of which go ahead and let me
know in the comments below guys which
team is going to win the super bowl and
someone actually bought
badge that sucks I normally run into
that sometimes trying to get them just
as cheap as I can but you know to get
back to the Super Bowl you know the
Seahawks won last year and you know I'm
not somebody that hates the Seahawks if
they win that's cool but you know I'd
kind of like to see the Patriots win I'm
not going to lie so do I want it to be a
back-and-forth ballgame yes I do do I
want a lot of these clean ups that we
have to pay out yes I do so hopefully
the Super Bowl is going to be a really
good ballgame and you know maybe some of
these coin ups that have a lot of coins
on them 50k 75 100 k hopefully they'll
pay out I know everyone's going to have
a ball watching the Super Bowl so you
know if you're a Seahawks are patriots
fan just have a have a good time that's
all we could ask for right so the
commercials are going to be pretty
baller you know most of them have leaked
online I don't know why they do that but
I always like to see them you know
during the actual game so we got one
badge left we got it for 5k so that
wasn't too bad what I spend maybe 15 17
18 K I wasn't keeping keeping track so
let's add this to the set I know this
would have been a lot easier if I just
backed out but for whatever reason
that's the way I decided to do it and
there's the pack so we're going to back
out all the way to the main menu guys
and then we're going to have our little
miniature large quick sale bundle
opening so Before we jump into this
since this is super bowl sunday I don't
know how I can associate a large quick
sale pack opening with Super Bowl Sunday
other than the fact that that's when I'm
opening it but maybe since I have all of
these super bowl coin ups in my binder
maybe they're just going to push some
look into these packs so what do you
think I'm gonna get go ahead and let me
know in the
and you know large quick sell I've
missed them every week for a while I
decided to do one bonus and I'm ready to
open them so here we go guys large quick
cell number one treat us nicely please
be gentle and we're not being gentle
with a thousand coins all right maybe
the next one is going to work oh right
seventy-five thousand coins thank you
ultimate team seventy-five thousand
coins let's open the next one why slow
down keep going okay 5k we got two left
come on 2.5 k and the last large quick
sale pack two thousand coins so we're
going to go ahead and head on over to
our binder we had a success if you asked
me so you know we're going to get
excused the large fee for the loud
vehicle outside also a very large
vehicle indeed but i'll try to suppress
that as much as I can but I do apologize
for that so we got 1 K 2 K 2 and a half
5k and seventy-five thousand coins
definitely a success and we're going to
sell everything for eighty five point
five thousand coins let's go ahead and
do that and we're all the way at 770,000
groins alright guys sorry about that i
had to pause for just a couple moments
and let that vehicle get out of the area
but i figured i would go ahead and end
as a little bundle opening of the large
quit sales on Super Bowl Sunday just by
showing you guys one more time all of
the coin ups I have together in one
little portion of the video so here you
go and if you would like to pause the
video to maybe look at them a little
further go ahead and feel free but like
I said guys Super Bowl gonna be fun I
hope the Patriots when I want it to be a
good game hopefully a lot of these
cleanups payout you know and not for
just me because I know there's a ton of
these and I mean a ton of them that I
don't even have
so I think a lot of people have probably
played it smart and picked up the ones
that will more than likely end up being
paid out working some trades and what
not and you know especially if you
bought a bundle you could really be
getting a big payday because those came
in every single legend pack so overall
it was a success we did go for weeks
without large quick sell packs we come
back bang eighty-five thousand coins so
to me that is pretty nice and again I do
have the 10 elite badges to sell to get
my coins back up as soon as the market
improves a little so there you guys have
it hopefully you are going to enjoy the
super bowl let me know one more time if
you've got the Seahawks or the Patriots
walking out as the Super Bowl champion
and if you did the MVP set who are you
wanting to win the super bowl MVP so as
always I will last it if you guys
enjoyed the video to go ahead and
shatter the like button and subscribe
for more so until next time guys